oh poor one change today two minutes
come straight into the starting lineup
yeah Tom Tom takes the start in place in
place of Simon Dawkins who drops down to
the bench and the new boys came in on
Monday and Jessie Ann and Tom and they
both fitted in really well with the
group of both the both look quality
players in training and Tom gets the nod
today we just feel we've got to be
really positive today we're going to
train and take the game to Bolton who
will come probably confident after the
way that performed against Liverpool but
also knowing that if we can get on top
of them we can maybe just knock a little
bit of the stuffing out of them and try
and get ourselves a real positive
performance and resort today obviously
wanted to bring players into this squad
I suppose it's one thing bringing
buddies in but bringing two quality
plates and insulin God gives you a real
boost well I think with the group that
we've got there's no point bringing body
think you have to bring quality and you
know the players want to get help in the
change room as well they enjoy that when
the sea good players coming in and those
two have added to the others we've we've
brought in in the January window and I
feel Azure now we've got a real strong
squad and if we can be lucky with
injuries with suspensions we should have
a good enough squad to see us through to
the end of the season you know we look
at the side today we look at the bench
today and that's not even including the
likes of Mason Bennett and John Eustace
and Johnny Russell and George Thorne who
are still to come into it so all in all
it's promising for us but the most
important one is make sure we do the job
right today and set ourselves up for the
next game on Tuesday another boost is
having Jake Buxton available because
that was a concern last weekend yeah it
was I mean what God came off he was he
was in a lot of pain with his ankle
after he rolled it and he felt as though
it would be detrimental to the team to
stay on because he was struggling with
his mobility and he's a little bit of
stick off the group this week that
there's been a bit of a miracle recovery
but we're delighted is available you
know he's a big part of our group Jake
Buxton so he takes his place again today
and hopefully you'll be fine r alaban
toes are still struggling a little bit
with their the hamstring issue yeah
years yay so he's had treatment during
the week and he's done some one-to-one
work with the fitness coaches they
trained with the rest of the group
thursday and friday but again on friday
complained
some discomfort in his lower back in his
hamstring we believe it's just a nerve
issue as opposed to a muscle strain so
hopefully he'll have a good week of
recovery this week and if he's not right
for Tuesday then hopefully you'll be
available for next Saturday good luck
today